feat(react-native): live stream components for host and viewer (#1135)
GetStream/stream-video-js: packages/react-native-sdk/docusaurus/docs/reactnative/common-content/ui-components/livestream/viewer-livestream/on-leave-stream-handler.mdx

> Handler to be called when the viewer's leave stream button is called.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Handler to be called when the leave stream button is pressed by the viewer.
```
